"""
When every variable are standing in line at the entrance of Python. They heard the radio
says "Hello, variables, welcome to Python. In order to help us create you correctly,
please fill up the questionaire that were previously handed out to every body. There are
few questions that are quite essential to make this work.
    1. First of all, what is your name, that's important.
    2. If you know any ancestors here, please put that down on a piece of paper.
    3. If you have some namespace, please put that into the brief case we gave you.
    4. If you have any preferred ways of being created, also let us know immediately
    when you meet the operator please."
The variables quietly and quickly filled out the questionair and came to the first operator
one by one, here are their dialogus:

Mr python: Hello, how may I help you, sir?
Mr MetaA: Yes, please, my name is 'MetaA', somebody told me that Mr type is my ancestor,
    I don't have any preferred way of being created and here is my namespace brief case.
Mr python: Thank you, Mr MetaA, that's suffienct information for me to help you, here's
    what I am gonna do for you, I will assign a room for you, it will be named exactly the same
    as you, you can take in your namespace brief case in and just sit there and relax. As for
    your ancestor Mr type, I'm very glad to tell you that he's my colleague here, and I'm more
    than happy to link a one-way wire line between you and his room, so that when whenever you need
    help, you're more than welcome to call him. And at the same time, I'm gonna create a name
    tag here at the reception desk for you in case someone later coming in would need you. Is that
    ok, do you have any more questions that I can help with?
Mr MetaA: Thank you for your help, it's a relief to know that my ancestor Mr type does live here.
    Have a good day~
Mr python: My pleasure, enjoy your day! Next variable please.
Mr classA: I was told that I should call Mr MetaA upon arrival.
Mr python: Oh, sure, no problem with that, I will call Mr MetaA for you and see if he can help with this.
    Oh, what a coincidence, Mr MetaA just was here a minute agao.
    (calling Mr MetaA)
Mr python: Hello, Mr MetaA, we have a variable here that says he only wants to be created by you, can
    you help with this?
Mr MetaA: Oh, OK,  you can pass the phone to him. Hello, sir, what can I do for you.
    I've never done this before, let me check my namespace brief case to see if there is any
    tutorial for doing that. (sometime later). If I didn't find anything,  I will reach out to i
    my ancestor Mr type for help
Mr classA: Thanks sir, my name is 'classA', I don't know who my ancestor should be
Mr MetaA: ok, I'll see what I can do.
    (calling Mr type)
Mr MetaA: Hello, Mr type, I have a variable at the reception desk with Mr python asking me to assign
    a room for him, would you help, his name is `classA`?
Mr type: Sure, no problem, that is our expertise here at Python.
    (Mr type calling Mr python)
    Hey, dude, would you please assign Mr 'classA' a room and make Mr MetaA his class instructor.
Mr python: ok, that'll work (hang up and talk back to Mr classA). Hello, Mr classA? Mr MetaA just
    let us be his representative and help him create you. I'll tell you what our default process is, since
    you mentioned that you don't have any ancestors, we would like to assign a default one My colleague
    Mr object to you because it would really be awful if you are left isolated and helpless here.
    You room would be named exactly the same as you and there will be a one way wire line between you and
    Mr object's room, so that you can call him for help. Also Mr MetaM helped give us the instructions for
    assining room for you, he would be your class instructor, you can access him via the '__class__' entry
    in your namespace brief case, I just added it to your namespace for you. And here is your room, you can
    go in with your namespace brief case and just rest now.
Mr classA: Nice, thank you, have a good day.
Mr python: You are welcome~ enjoy! Next variable
Mr insta: Morning, sir, somebody just ask me to come here and call Mr classA.
Mr python: No problem, I'll call Mr classA for you.
    (calling Mr classA)
Mr python: hello, Mr classA, some variable is here to ask for your help to assign a room for him.
Mr classA: Would you please give him the phone. Hello, this is Mr classA, how may I help you?
Mr insta: Hello, Sir, my name is 'insta', and that's it.
Mr classA: No problem, that'll be enough for me to know.
    (Mr classA calling Mr object)
Mr classA: Hello, Mr object, I have a variable Mr insta at the reception with Mr python, would you please help
    me assign a room for him, I will be his class instructor.
Mr object: No proble, I'll call my class instructor ask for his help.
    (calling Mr type)
Mr object: Mr type, could you please ask the reception desk to assign a room for Mr insta and make
    Mr classA his class instructor.
Mr type: easy, peasy! I'll ask operator help with that.
Mr python: (talking to Mr insta again). Good news, Mr insta, your contact Mr classA got the
    right resource to come back to us and ask us to assign you a room and make him your class instructor. Here
    is you key. I added Mr classA's contact to your namespace brief case. Someday when someone calls you,
    you will need it.
Mr insta: Sounds perfect, see you~
Mr python: next one please
Mr crazyclass: Hello, sir, morning, I had a bad feeling about this, can you call Mr MetaA for me please.
Mr python: Don't panic sir, let me check and see what you need, we may be able to help, I will call him
    for you. Hello, Mr MetaA, another variable come for you.
Mr crazyclass: Well, my name is 'crazyclass', I had a bad feeling about this.
    I was also given another name called Mr classA to all Mr MetaA with.
Mr python: ok, my first relief is that I do have those two gentleman here already, I will call Mr MetaA for
    you and see if it works.
    (calling Mr MetaA)
Mr python: tada, greetings again, another variable is here to call you, Mr MetaA.
"""
